README.md, before:

# quarterly-ad-analytics-projects

This repository will include the code, data, and steps required to build a blueprint for quarterly campaign reports. 

* FA21 Spring Travel Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Fall Travel Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FY21 Campus Tours Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Umbrella Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Working Adult Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Transfer Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 High School Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Graduate Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Umbrella Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Working Adult Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Transfer Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 High School Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Graduate Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

Each report should include all of the ad sets and ads running to support the particular campaign. 

It should also include an overview of the KPIs, and then a table that pertains to each particular ad set.

It should also include the timing and objective of each initiative that pertains to that particular campaign. 

It should include what successful and what needs improvement. 
# Quarterly-Reports

Commit message:

Grad and Undergraddone for each quarter

README.md, after:

# quarterly-ad-analytics-projects

This repository will include the code, data, and steps required to build a blueprint for quarterly campaign reports. 

* FA21 Spring Travel Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Fall Travel Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FY21 Campus Tours Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Umbrella Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Working Adult Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Transfer Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 High School Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA20 Graduate Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Umbrella Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Working Adult Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Transfer Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 High School Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

* FA21 Graduate Campaign Quarterly Ad Analytics Project

Each report should include all of the ad sets and ads running to support the particular campaign. 

It should also include an overview of the KPIs, and then a table that pertains to each particular ad set.

It should also include the timing and objective of each initiative that pertains to that particular campaign. 

It should include what successful and what needs improvement. 

Include the number of inquiries generated during this quarter.

Comment on the past performance of the ongoing campaigns. 

Change to portrait view.

# Quarterly-Reports
